 
Ameca robot shows off new level of human-
like facial expressions
December 6 2021, by Bob Yirka
  
 
  
Engineered Arts, a robot maker based in the U.K., is showing off its
latest creation at this year's CES 2022. Called Ameca, the robot is able to
display what appears to be the most human-like facial expressions by a
robot to date. On its webpage, the company calls Ameca "The Future
Face of Robotics."
1/3

 
Engineered Arts is in the business of making robots that look as much
like humans as is possible. To that end, they have been creating a series
of robots with ever more life-like expressions. Its previous models were
called Mesmer and RoboThespian—robots that were able to demonstrate
a wide range of emotions. They were also painted with colors meant to
mimic human skin and hair.
None of the robots at Engineered Arts has been designed to do anything,
other than impress an audience. Mesmer was programmed in a way that
allowed it to give a speech using the voice of a person behind the scenes.
But they cannot walk or move around—they move only their arms, hands
wrists, fingers, neck, head, eyes and mouth. But they do so in ways that
look very human.
Ameca has been designed as a robot platform—customers who buy it
can add AI and other software to give the robot desired abilities. The
software it comes with is geared toward creating life-like expressions. It
can smile, frown, wink and open and close its mouth. It can also show
surprise or frustration or amusement. In a video released by the
company, the robot appears to wake, as if from a nap. As it does so, it
appears to be surprised by its existence. And it behaves as if startled
when suddenly looking at the camera—as if suddenly spotting the viewer
looking at it.
Will Jackson, founder of Engineered Arts, spoke to the press recently,
telling them that the abilities of Ameca and the company's prior robots
are the result of over 15 years' worth of research and development. He
also said that the goal of the company has remained the same—to
develop robots that are able to interact in human-like ways, with humans.
Ameca is currently available for sale through the Engineered Arts
website—certain models are also available for renting for events.
2/3

 
  More information: Webpage:
www.engineeredarts.co.uk/robot/ameca/
© 2021 Science X Network
Citation: Ameca robot shows off new level of human-like facial expressions (2021, December 6)
retrieved 29 January 2025 from https://techxplore.com/news/2021-12-ameca-robot-human-like-
facial.html
This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private
study or research, no part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is
provided for information purposes only.
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)
3/3

