 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Program Benefits 
Dual Language 
 
• Higher scores on standardized tests  
• Better problem-solving skills 
• Greater appreciation and empathy for other cultures 
• Fewer behavioral problems 
• Better preparation for today’s global workforce  
• Improved outcomes for English Language Learners 
STEM Programs 
 
• Better critical-thinking skills 
• Higher rates of student attendance and engagement 
• Higher scores on standardized tests 
• Better preparation for today’s workforce that’s experiencing 
a shortage of over 3 million workers in STEM fields 
Career and 
Technical Education 
 
• Increase in graduation rates by 10% 
• Higher rates of student attendance and engagement 
• Higher likelihood of earning a more upon completing high 
school  
• Improved outcomes for students who choose not to pursue 
higher education 
Specialized school programs provide students unique learning opportunities that focus on a 
variety of interests or topics. Depending on the school community’s needs and the nature of the 
programs, specialized school programming can be the focus of the enti re school or be offered as 
“tracks” students can take to explore their interests and be more prepared for life after high 
school. Examples of specialized school programming include: 
• Dual Language Programs are a type of education where students are taught literacy and 
content in two languages.  
• STEM education builds a curriculum centered around science, technology, engineering, 
and math.  
• Career and Technical Education  (CTE) prepares students with academic and technical 
skills for the workforce by aligning curriculum with career pathways to opportunities in 
engineering, business, health, hospitality, and other industries. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Specialized School Programs 
Find updated information at dcpave.org/building -parent-leaders 
 
Why are Specialized School Programs Important?  
Specialized school programs are linked to many benefits  for students, including more 
engagement, better academic outcomes for students with disabilities, and higher graduation 
rates. The table below outlines specific benefits of popular programs:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
What Are Specialized School Programs?  
What You Need to Know:  
• Specialized school programs are woven into the entire curriculum, and go 
beyond individual course offerings. 
• Specialized school programming is linked to higher student achievement and 
engagement. 
• Students from disadvantaged backgrounds benefit the most from specialized 
school programming.  
 
 


 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To advocate for more specialized school programming, parents can: 
• Testify at the DC Council Budget Hearings that take place from February to April 
• Reach out to your child’s school’s PTO, LSAT (DCPS), or school board (PCSB) to advocate 
for more programming  
• Contact PAVE’s community organizing team  organizers@dcpave.org for more 
information 
 
 
Learn More: 
v See DC Language Immersion Project’s resources to learn more about the benefits of dual 
language programs and what that looks like in DC: https://dcimmersion.org  
 
v For more information on how STEM education prepares students for the future, check 
out this resource: https://bit.ly/2JoOZaK  
 
 
What Does Specialized School Programming Look Like in DC?  
Currently, 56 out of the 228 public schools in the District offer dual language, STEM, or CTE 
programs. Yet, even though 45% of students in DC attend schools East of the River, only 13 
schools in Wards 7 and 8 offer those programs. Specialized programming is proven be beneficial 
for all students and can greatly impact academic and life outcomes for students from 
disadvantaged backgrounds. It is crucial that we focus on expanding programs in schools that 
serve our students with the highest needs.  
 
School Program West of the River East of the River Total 
Dual Language 21 2 23 
STEM 12 7 19 
CTE 10 4 14 
 
 
How Can Parents Get Involved? 
Each specialized school program requires specific training and qualifications for teachers, along 
with additional costs which can vary from program to program. Parents across the District are 
looking for additional learning experiences for their children that spark their passions and prepare 
them for college and careers , and we must work together to identify resources and create a 
diversity of options for families 
 “We need to have more STEM programs 
[and] need to teach our kids engineering 
skills. It helps kids with analytical 
thinking and critical thinking…Even if a 
kid [doesn’t win a competition] or isn’t 
the best, this type of exposure is so 
important.”  
-Yvette Selby, PAVE Parent Leader 
 
 


