Erasmus Mundus QuanTEEM Scholarship 2025/27 (Fully Funded)
By Muhammad Saim Rasheed -January 30, 2025

facebook sharing button Sharewhatsapp sharing button Sharetelegram sharing button Sharemessenger sharing button Sharetwitter sharing buttonsharethis sharing button
Applications are open for the Erasmus Mundus QuanTEEM Scholarship 2025/27 in Europe. This fully Funded Two-Year Master’s Degree Scholarship in Europe is Jointly Prepared by the Top Three European Universities in France, Germany, and Denmark. The Erasmus QuanTEEM program is funded by the European Union and Candidates from all over the world are welcome to apply who want to study in Europe. There are 20 Erasmus Mundus QuanTEEM Scholarships are offered each year. The academic period will begin in the Second week of September 2025. QuanTEEM stands for the Master in Quantum Technologies and Engineering. Moreover, there is no application fee and all the expenses are covered by the European Union. Below you will find more details about the Program structure, University names, benefits, and the application process.


Details About Erasmus Mundus QuanTEEM Scholarship 2025/27
Host Countries: France, Germany, and Denmark
Program Name: QuanTEEM (Master in Quantum Technologies and Engineering)
Duration: 2 Years
Degree Level: Master
Funded by: European Union
Number of Scholarships: 20
Scholarship Deadline: 6th April 2025
Also Check: GKS Korean Government Graduate Scholarship 2025 (Fully Funded)


Financial Benefits
The Erasmus QuanTEEM Scholarship Covers:

Full Tuition Fees
Airfare Expenses
Monthly Stipend
Accommodation
Food
Medical Insurance
Visa Cost
Also Check: Joint Japan World Bank Scholarship 2025 (Fully Funded) JJWBGSP

Erasmus QuanTEEM Partner Universities
This program is a collaboration between three international universities in France, Germany, and Denmark. Students will complete their degree at these three universities:

Université Bourgogne Europe (UBE), France
Rheinland-Pfälzische Technische Universität Kaiserslautern-Landau (RPTU), Germany
Aarhus Universitet (AU), Denmark
Also Check: Turkiye Burslari Scholarship 2025 (Fully Funded) Study in Turkiye

Program Structure
1st Semester: UBE France
2nd Semester: Two Options for Specialization
UBE France
RPTU Germany
3rd Semester: Two Options for Specialization
RPTU Germany
AU Denmark
4th Semester: Internship/Master Thesis
Read more about QuanTEEM Studies Structure and Course details.
Eligibility Criteria
The Scholarship is open to all the Nationals. Students from all over the world, without restriction of geographical origin, are welcome to apply.
Applicants must hold a Bachelors Degree or an equivalent degree in science
Final-year Undergraduate students can also apply.
A strong background in physics and chemistry is necessary to be considered for admission.
Skills in mathematics and computer science are Plus Point.
Provide a Proof of English Language Proficiency.
Also Check: University of Paris Saclay Scholarship 2025 in France (Fully Funded)


Required Documents
Passport or Identity Card
CV
Letter of Motivation
Transcript of Records and Grading Scale
Diploma(s) / Degree(s) Certificate(s)
English Language Certificate
Other Relevant Documents
How to Apply for the Erasmus Mundus QuanTEEM Scholarship 2025/27?

Applicants have to apply online from the link: https://ecandidat.u-bourgogne.fr/ecandidat/. You can also download the Application Tutorial. The Link to the official website is below.

APPLY FOR THE ERASMUS QUANTEEM SCHOLARSHIP 2025

ETH Robotics Summer Fellowship 2025 in Switzerland (Fully Funded)
By Muhammad Saim Rasheed -January 29, 2025

558
Shares
facebook sharing button Sharewhatsapp sharing button Sharetelegram sharing button Sharemessenger sharing buttontwitter sharing buttonsharethis sharing button
The Applications are open to apply for the ETH Robotics Summer Fellowship 2025 in Switzerland. It is a Fully Funded International Summer School at the ETH Zurich University. The Fellowship is open to all students from all around the world. The Duration of the ETH RSF Fellowship 2025 is 9 weeks. The Summer Fellowship will take place from 30th June to 29th August 2025. The Program is open to Both Undergraduate and Master’s Students from worldwide. The Objective of the ETH Robotics Summer Fellowship is to provide an opportunity to conduct research in robotics under the guidance of renowned experts. Robotics has become one of the hottest areas in education and research right now. The Fellowship covers all the Expenses. More details are given below.


Details About ETH Robotics Summer Fellowship 2025 in Switzerland
Country: Switzerland
Location: Zurich
University: ETH Zurich University
Duration: Two Months
Dates: 30th June to 29th August 2025
Benefits: Fully Funded
Deadline: 28th February 2025
Also Check: Rockefeller University USA Summer Fellowship 2025 (Fully Funded)


Financial Benefits
The Program Covers:

Total Stipend of CHF 4000 (4243 Euros)
Round Airfare Flight Tickets
Visa Expenses
Free Accommodation
Also Check: IIJ Summer Research Internship 2025 in Japan (Fully Funded)

List of Research Labs
In your application, you’ll need to choose three labs where you’d like to do your research. The Following Robotics Labs are available:

Computational Robotics Lab
Emilio Frazzoli’s Lab
Robotic Systems Lab
Computer Vision and Geometry Group
Sensory-Motor Systems Lab
Autonomous Systems Lab
Intelligent Control Systems Group
Soft Robotics Lab
Stefan Leutenegger’s Lab at ETHZ
Also Check: UCL Summer School 2025 in UK (Fully Funded)


Eligibility Criteria
The Fellowship is open to all the Nationals.
Both final-year undergraduate and Master’s Degree students are eligible to apply.
Students currently enrolled in a Master’s program in Robotics or a closely related field (such as Electrical Engineering or Mechanical Engineering).
Your expected graduation date is January 2026 or later.
Must be available for the fellowship in Switzerland from June 30th to August 29th, 2025.
IELTS is not required.
You don’t need to contact faculty members.
This program is open to students of all nationalities.
Also Check: Sokendai KEK Summer Student Program 2025 in Japan (Fully Funded)

Required Documents
Curriculum Vitae (Europass format)
Official Academic Transcript
Letter of motivation/Personal statement (max 1 page)
Contact details of two academic referees
Letters of recommendation from two academic referees (submitted directly by the referees).
Also Check: GRIPS Summer Research Internship 2025 in China (Fully Funded)

How to Apply for the ETH Robotics Summer Fellowship 2025 in Switzerland?
Applicants have to apply from the official website and prepare all required documents in PDF Format. First, you need to register with SiROP. The Link to the official website is below.


APPLY FOR THE ETH ROBOTICS FELLOWSHIP


 notified of the selection results by April 30, 2025. The Link to the official website is below.


APPLY FOR THE KEK JAPAN SUMMER PROGRAM